Add customize precompile (#593)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: arbitrum-docs/launch-orbit-chain/how-tos/customize-precompile.mdx

```solidity
function sayHi() external view returns(string memory);
```

Next, build Nitro by following steps 3-7 of the instructions in [How to build Nitro locally](/node-running/how-tos/build-nitro-locally). Note that if you've already built the Docker image, you still need run the last step to rebuild.

Run Nitro by following the instructions in [How to run a full node](/node-running/how-tos/running-a-full-node#putting-it-all-together).

Once your node is running, you can call `ArbSys.sol` either directly using `curl`, or through Foundry's `cast call`.

### Call your function directly using `curl`

```shell
curl Your_IP_Address:8547\
-X POST \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
--data '{"method":"eth_call","params":[{"from":null,"to":"0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000064","data":"0x0c49c36c"}, "latest"],"id":1,"jsonrpc":"2.0"}'
```

You should see something like this:

```
{"jsonrpc":"2.0","id":1,"result":"0x000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000002000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000026869000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000"}
```

> Which the `0x6869` is the hexify utf8 decode of `hi`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`0x6869` is the hex-encoded utf8 representation of `hi`
```

Calling @Jason-Wanxt @TucksonDev for a sanity check on this edit 🙏 

Future optimization -> It's not clear to me what this is referring to - I'd expect to see `0x6869` in the above sample output. I do see `...00000002686900000000...`.
